good night to all brasília october 31 19 hours back this wonderful land
called brazil after we spent 12 days traveling there to japan china
arab emirates qatar and saudi arabia
in a little while it was quickly about what happened on this trip here from my
side here the jorge safe paper secretary has a role the government reception
I confess even the person may not like consensus
if I knew in detail the potential of our party and the potential of the young
cef would have left the ministry of fisheries in force after all brings it to life
for us it's a very wide area, fishing is much more than we think
often it is not part of fish farming that does not give due value to it in the
past today he disseminates this idea of
fish farming all over Brazil and it turns out there is even a place that he was
I didn't know I practiced fish farming there, who wanted shrimp is
arsenic ciccra meat cayman explained culture and who produces or extra
malaco culture our lady here the one on my left elisângela was with
I miss myself guys so why stay here while people
handcuffs or fast it will take a long time after all there are goiás and flemish
nowadays for those who cheer seven quickly and what are the subjects
and first other staff one of the actions of the ministry of agriculture alongside the
navy of brazil ibama mma is really helping our artisanal fishermen
professionals from the Northeast region we are doing a job
exceptional especially in fishermen who were not assisted by the
closed insurance such as crab scavengers and also
shellfish collectors who today are not registered in closed insurance but were the people
most affected so we want to bring
this security that we are doing a tool should come out in the next few days
within November to really contemplate you be at peace that
children's ministry liked the northeastern man
the decree that that of viel colombia stayed two days with the president a gift
no one denies that, right, there was in the region overflowed the region had in his
state as well and he managed together with the economic team is to grant two insurance
defends the personnel who are in the municipalities that
were hit and side is also already for the people that kaká did not do better
that this is then for crab fishermen and also shellfish gatherers who
today they are not covered by such insurance, that is, we expand this
social security is my national tribute in the northeast in honor of the
fishermen and the best and also the globe being treated only who votes is the
Brazilian president looks at what vague answers are all in his pocket and what other authors
of the play the war is also an issue about legal security
tuna boats in the northeastern region for over a year have been waiting for
licensing of associated schooling fisheries so 200 is already under analysis
boats for the northeast region a large tuna producing region and 50 boats
to the south southeast we are already in analysis soon you
will be awarded with your work permit that half who wants
sleeping associate I negotiated associations corny shoal shoal
associated is the following capital the boats are stationary attract schools of fish
fishermen are blinking in the aquarium that attracted the treasure to rescue the
girl 8 reading in hiding catching fish i'll hit the guardian one
100% Brazilian technology invented by our fishermen from the Northeast
that the fish attracts him he likes shade in the sun he wants to stay in the shade the
neighborhood is paradinho they come down and he only in the wand and pedro beicht and
catching these is the button tuna which is one size of the other
approximate to the total is the big capital rangers but usually an average of
three kilos of wonderful fish hello do you think that much doing hunting
human couple getting old I stopped I intend to return to practice the end of
accounts or the health problems I had in the past too
fractures a place button here I have left with the sport only the casuarina
will come back to do wonder can you invite me to be your partner
diving of course is hit by the demands of the bottom man but that is
above all, a friend of the fish cannot, I am also a friend of them and friends of the
fisherman another matter there European community is is probably tomorrow
folks if it’s not tomorrow next week is to play so it’s us with the community
European is that man in love and the wife the difficult suitor then for
buying the business is a passionate and difficult man who never went through a
problem of answering every space, right, and then Brazil is passionate about
european community we send candy we send flowers
we invite you to dinner day i love you i love you and tv it was you who is with that
to conquer the real woman is that you are in the business
generally the fisherman said that to win the woman while there is no shortage
sea ​​water I will not stop tying this my clear I didn’t just say that
conquered yours actually she falls in love will look at you that's it
but it was a scene like a mermaid aaa the best year do not like it or not
prefer in the disease pool has not yet been controlled
the goal I am not mistaken tomorrow today I go there and the European community is they
require is that we make some regulations that will be now tomorrow this
weeks published for next year they do visit us and make sure
that Brazil is now taking the health issue of boats seriously and that this
ban has also affected fish farming which has nothing to do but it is this
normative will benefit we believe that in 2020 it will be open to fishing and to
culture the return of exports to the european community
you will not answer you remember the name of the last ministers of fisheries no
it’s the desk it’s already decorated in wood it’s really something else
talking to the economy is not new
i talk exactly to the place at a max import tax
we want our law to work here no one will admit the post such so
that hurts inside but not everyone in tents before and outside you can see
buy two if it weren't for the matter studied then people speak in the
facebook lots of comments and you can see
can't the live turf tax that way
agree 100% agree and also remembering the sport fishing people who
today you need to travel through paraguay to buy sportfishing artifacts a
great potential of our brazil i already talked to the captain he already passed
by places is under study is the reduction of imports of fishing equipment
sport is very high importance and material tax here
with this curiosity here we signed a decree that will be valid from the day
first year next year, even a deputy helped us a lot from rio grande do
north do not remember his name remember the model takes gabriel can I talk about him is the
Fabio would be, the king is certainly a force and he has to talk to everyone
the decree is mine but why would you probe that you think would make feliciano mark
my brother was cool and it all died the economic team took possession of the decree
worth from January next year to oval world you can spend the free
shops from 500 to a thousand dollars and who will stop in paraguay too
some where from time to time there went from 300 to 500 dollars in aid even who
want to buy fishing equipment in paraguay help is welcome google
husband president will like example ended up with yours is great that I had
a route today one and a half times in personal time life in 2011 a law was made
the normative instruction is number 10 and that did not include several
types of fisheries in brazil including continental fisheries until today is totally
deregulated so I invite everyone to enter the Ministry of Health website
agriculture and help us as president guides us - brasília and more
Brazil when we know a public consultation
the announcement is for your participation for us to build together there are laws
necessary for you to do is to carry out your activity in peace without
problem with justice without problem of legal uncertainty captain
it also helps oil collection on the beaches
we still don't know where it came from, understanding and understanding is not
hitting the hammer here is the criminal spill since september 2 is going to do
two months that the government knows this and through its ministry eggs
before the navy commander are investigating are helping to clean up
beach together with volunteers from the region
the people also the civil servant of the municipality everybody helps to get the oil
from the plate to now so far fishing is being banned in the northeast not to
no way capital quite the contrary was excellent the placement of the
folks sir the fish we've done countless tests
no fish is contaminated no notification from the health ministry for
contamination of the hi the only cases of contamination were people who were
of this oil and use a team and diesel oil to remove the body and were
contaminated so they can consume fish is 100 percent assessed by
Ministry of Agriculture by the Federal Inspection Service
guys the fish is a smart garbage when he sees a blanket of oil there the
captain he runs away he is afraid so obviously is that you can consume your
goldfish is no problem lobster shrimp everything
perfectly calls the captain obviously benign son a turtle
in the oil stain not to mention that no one stays in the fish
the goal is here to stay but they are also doing their best
the investigations going on is quite complex and expects us to get to the point
end I cannot guarantee that there will come an end we will discover fighter
ship is now more than proven federal university of bahia than oil
is from venezuela so maybe on the left and select attack as if I
responsible for this, she had acted late, I could only act when she
arrived in the proof that the use of aircraft satellites in I can not
was unable to detect anything because the oil has a slightly higher density
than salt water as a result it was in the flower in the water flower
on average one meter below the satellite nor the satellites were undetectable
Americans that we ask for help also fail
detect, right, there is oil smuggling in the region, you know that
venezuela act that way in neighborhoods against it but that's okay
we are doing our part maybe I can get the time that we are very
big mine for a day that is ine the northeast region is who knows it together
with our navy to dive somewhere in the address a coral and on the beach ok
right to hear the people announce that it will be a new measure is to say that we are
really concerned with the Northeast will stay in 12 days outside of Brazil I took
was criticized now represented me very well
in an overflight in the region the present exercise of the via colombia with the children
of mothers is celebrated the minister ricardo sales also stayed the sites the own
of defense was also present in branches also our secretary the government
it also means talking a little bit about the navy too, right?
unfortunately the week is three marginals tried to enter the naval base
of dog-valem belém do pará fortunately a reaction on the part of
guard three elements two died two cpf
canceled and one managed to woefully evade a colleague we do
naval was shot in the leg his name is maykon matheus costa
teixeira and unfortunately the night we had just now and had its
amputated leg regrets and asks god to give strength because it is not easy really a
colleague of ours who is thinking of avoiding mandatory the taco is contested is the
young marine has a lot of gas a lot of will
play football do the exercise and lose a leg just remember that in 1985 i want
a title as they dug one of my nicknames because I hold on to the forces
armed parachutists the first diving group in the
search and rescue group January is a leap there and I ended up fracturing the
four limbs no problem was cognitive bone fracture called
astragalus has now changed its name to economics in what they bring to and I practically
I no longer played football when I played, it was a pack beck planted back there because
the penalty was lost loses the movement of the foot but it is also hard faith to adapt is
you know it sent a message by michael matthews there it is not easy but we
greets for the duty done 22 elements were died
unfortunately your radio is unfortunately right but it's ok we ended up
to arrive from a trip to the middle east how does the repercussion here in brazil
there was a good repercussion here the media gave due space or hit little
space but we know the potential including our Arab origin in
dogs capital we know of the great investment potential criticized me in the past
that I had a very strong connection with Israel I have but nothing against a
dollar so much is that I was very well received
first was in the emirates areas after qatar and the third country we went was arabia
very warm welcome in this last country including the prince
heir and place I arrived he said 'you will not return tomorrow without taking
nothing for brazil and made the 1 talked with their sovereign fund right
10 billion dollars is guaranteed for investment in brazil and details
told me yet you have to choose where you want
applying this feature will obviously talk to the
ministers at the meeting Tuesday at the beginning infrastructure and needs
of this our idea that I am going to please the
that guy's piece of iron fence he builds for him
it's just iron it really we want here is
resuscitate the railway modal
the concession was with him 12 months ago approximately was the
governor ronaldo whitewashed from goiás but exceptional ceremony to theaters in
contract remains to build approximately one thousand
kilometers of the north south railway that will connect there the maranhão does not go down
tocantins goiás in são paulo ends at porto de santos
and there are 1,000 km to go, the forecast is about a year and a half
work that was already in progress but that knows someone says something right to the
qatar inaugurating the band used the site was nothing will stay there
our railroad is I don't know how many more than 10 20 years to be done every
ten then ok will solve one will help
quite what I call the ribs other ribs that makes this theology
that go to producing municipalities and also then the concession of the
concession contract and we will if god wants to make brazil enter us
rails leaving will undoubtedly enter the scene literally comes is other things
can also be used natural defense resources you have to have a defense is with
conditions to exercise the power of persuasion that my dream is the power of
persuasion or don't know they think like you like having a big house
the marginal is sure that there is no presentation in the house and not only
steal you will mark your family when he thinks the pa inside that
home may have a gun he will not or if it is he knows the risk he is taking
the same thing here in Brazil in the last few decades your loved ones were ignored
almost nothing has been invested in its equipment and there is a situation
very complicated in this regard we must have something called cim
prepared to contain there no one wants to invade the country didn’t want it but it contains a
possible external greed or does anyone think anyone interested
by the amazon everybody is thanking all countries all feeling to take
the position of one form of another is favorable to us in tocantins
sovereignty in the amazon in that episode that a little while ago chief nothing of the union
European raised its voice against Brazil
this trip was crowned with success other things were dealt with
on the last on the penultimate day with some unfortunate fact of tv globe
regrettable tv globe wanting to associate myself with a possible client for the execution of
that of the ex-councilwoman lady maria franco but was quickly denied
for us a live shortly afterwards as long as people don't take you, it's not mine
my store there my there after those already hit you give you a
look at my store here with the one I made there from Saudi Arabia that was
improvisation ended the matter of the globe I joined a lawyer there fred was
defend and warned me that he was called I think half an hour before he was warned going
have a matter about your body the functional project i am a lawyer and
come here if you were traveling there would be no one in the square
he even reported that he was going I wanted him to speak live right but
now there is no space live is a is a journalism says that pac is the puppet
we will find a cap a scoundrel scoundrel journalism unscrupulous challenge
you guys invited me to talk for 10 minutes about this challenge episode
if you don’t talk so much about money and defense in honest clean journalism I
challenge you guys today I spoke to datena the subject was not another one always worth me
gives a space is something complicated as today the eduardo's committee touched wanted
that I spoke I said that whoever speaks on the radio and he is not me but I spoke on
The subject gave us space, otherwise we will be criticizing you in a different way.
coward does it all the time with me now you guys right in the story
if the element, right, according to the doorman entered my
condominium said it was going to my house March 10 and 14 last year in a
Wednesday and you say I was in Brasilia
because I was in Brasilia and also had electronic voting presence in the
panel that if it was a day without a senate panel I had to turn around in my thirties
looking for witnesses is what it is but he was in brasília was not in rio de
january so jonas scoundrel book from you da
globe network 6 million 6 million and 200 people watching that one here in
facebook is a journalism that you wanted to link the fact and if by 1 to 1
of the suspect of having executed the lady maria de franco is to have rented a house
on the same street where I lived next door, not having four at home after me
but ok i found out on october 9
Wednesday I was in the process was in the process through the governor
fixed in rio de janeiro he had access to a process that followed
to run in secrecy of justice and I also learned that he was
interested in my name a lot is there but it happened the most
I am sorry that the delegate who provides services directly through videos is not
administrative penalty for the title we're knowing poison reporters the governor
everything that happens and listening to the doorman the doorman signed I don't know if the doorman
read what was signed or not if the porter said that
I wait for a porter that will be heard now by the federal police together
with the federal mp will be heard he tell the truth what happened now for what
everything indicates his delegate of the civil police of the river already gave only does not represent the
civil police of rio de janeiro not for the love of god i will not say activate it here
but not even with the concierge answering machine to speak 17 hours and
I'm not mistaken 43 minutes 30 minutes or so
is that the doorman the doorman called me had to have my standard way of
vote in brazil and 17 more 10 minutes i don't care about my face 58 called
another house is very clear the registration at home and
called and yours already had not already I will go 1 at the stop and grandparents is not to be the way
a few hours before my wife received a delivery that went home to me
so an hour after the doorman my son carlos received a sister 20 via
intercom also the hub that went to get it and if you say I was not there
because voting on the article to serve the size of the repercussion right after we
in electronic newspapers the headline is a day porter thing that
May killer was in the house in the pocket in the matter at low most of the time
tell the truth but the headline was for him exactly all the time
massifying is not now because the globe network always has first place right
access to the process that runs in secrecy of justice
that's journalism around the globe bonner little globe
I hope it ends with embarrassment in the face, don't play a dirty game like that
link my person to the execution of the Bahian woman
what do you want as you will have this year's stewardship announcing there
state-owned banks the government itself will no longer have the day decided by
it is not to give you I even admire there many times I see so many
sponsor of globosat, people don’t think I’m sponsoring a company that
mind all the time ago I stayed all the time I would be ashamed if I were a
priest a great great businessman brazil advertise anything on the globe
shame a globe TV that carves the family almost 24 hours a day the
patterns novel looks at the pattern of the afternoon programs that
the tv enters the house of others exempt you speak just turn off the television
but the father the mother is working often they don’t put help on anything
an hour television spoils a year of education at the school of instruction in the
school hit and continue this dirty work
it is unfortunate a television that was born and a half was talked about so much and military dictatorship a
you were born 65 civilian gives up the concession was in the dictatorship for everything
such a regime doesn’t work for that touch the corner you’re even right in the
fair is like that something else was not over yet
help if you hadn’t finished yet the globe’s story published a story
on the radar of the see that robson amorim doll and he spoke of the law and that the
governor already knew the week before government the addiction knew the week before
that this matter was based paid 16 the same has no doubt here it is worth
it's worth it you can talk but don't believe the press
read here the article by robson bonin from the magazine see
political opponent of e bolsonaro the governor of the river
the il sung that I was seeing the governor doesn't have to answer for me no
is responsible for see I knew in advance of the evidence of
evidence now proves only evidence collected by the river police
on the emergence of the President's name in the investigation of Mario's murder
frank last week the governor
the south was elected using my name you were elected alongside flávio bolsonaro o
all the time last week according to an interlocutor reported to the radar
the governor does not hide the euphoria the euphoria as the facts revealed in this
Tuesday by the national newspaper the governor knew
that was going to rock this issue is it was celebrating
and I will confess to you I will say one more thing when the plane took off at
penultimate Saturday is for china had four parliamentarians hope to convince the
2 and only after yesterday the ministers do not want to say something to you and you
I told you what was going to happen Don't blame me for having been possible
access to the process that was running around is not because on the 9th of october 9 a
fourth Wednesday about ghana by coincidence in the military club of
brasília curitiba and brasília not from rio de janeiro brasília
I was on the birthday of an official of the minister for nine in the
night my turn the scoreboard coming the governor
of the white river wednesday governor in brasília will be all right is a right
of him when the virus came in he got scared by bin laden called me
in a corner and said look the process is at the supreme was that the process happen the
name as the name process the process the way that make a woman to the doorman
cytokine is that the the odor one of the two great suspects have performed the
marielly was at your house on the day of the crime which was exactly 14 sent to the
front not knowing anything when you have access to it is not reserved
I even thought I was acting like he already knew what he was doing against Flávio
bolsonaro the strength that gives you so that this process will work there arrives right
to the point of who knows how to incriminate the example son that he wanted now with this
yours and I have no doubt your participation in the making of the survey
of the marielly case with my name would also go through the courts one day like another
son my case is also investigated from january
my whole family is called a blessing to your life
that whole recipe raised as they tried to incriminate the black man as if
was a great founder of inss the 15 years ago i already knew the goal
I spoke with the boys' parliamentary staff because I had an obligation to
speak because the information that I have had to burst on my trip speak
if I am on the trip a link by TV Globo the 4 parliamentary as I said
pros 40 tv globe don't be scared don't be scared because from what i know
14 but I was in Brasilia just as I was on the 13th on the 15th and on the 14th
but I had heard that it was around 17 o'clock to ask around the house
moment you press the button and the Brazilian is a commission is to be present or
voting for a project turns yellow or because of the visualization that has a server in
the chamber that is at the strategic point is passed by deputy joão and the note of the hour
that he passed his name on the state party we didn't raise the whole team
when she appeared then on dear Globo TV 7 hours and 10 minutes friend at
truth takes 17 13 right 17 10 the globe had access to the process
don't come I talked to Globo TV that you only had access to the spreadsheet
presence does not have access to the entire project
while the governor already knew this and the government has always leaked this type to you
of information with flow of flávio bolsonaro behind
ok and how he works or is it because he works with training
if we elect him he is an illustrious unknown I doubt anyone who knew the
judge rhythm of January due to not being his kind of friendship people because
he got it in his head that he wants to be president of the republic
nothing against those who are over 35 years old and owe nothing electoral page
get yourself a party, right now, and whoever put it in your head has to compete
destroying my daughter went to corruption and executions like that old narrative
always starting here starting this year and he then decided there is already some
time in this area enhances the process
against my family tried to do the same to me now it didn't work
you lost and that leaving then was booed now in the field
the traitor's cry for god's sake threw it all away could make a career
beautiful with suffering state of january that unfortunately is now in the hand of a
guy who knows that his interest is not simply power for power if he finds himself
the hot guy jumped out of him like on the bridge in rio niterói when snap matola an example
had to perform table for time at the time of the kidnapping there vibrating
okay acting like a kid I won't even touch the boat here from Brazil we
anything else about our dear governor used the video i'm not going to quote
one thing you like 1 verse I like it a lot and thanks to
God has appeared and you will know the truth and the truth will set you free. The truth has appeared.
space are more than demonstrated not only by the digital of the Lord but by the
photos and images from the camera one day and the truth came out and the liars were
of masked people no wonder that the population is what the community zap and thank god
today we also have the social networks a massive support in venting outburst
from you to that exclusive lounge and 2022 the globe we have a renewal meeting
of the concession is not harassment do not pay everything you owe 62 negative everything for not
have a problem I will not put my hand on the head of
nobody right on the globe or anyone else you have to be up to date to renew
your concession totaling first to say that I am chasing you only one
way i can really not interfere
next to the law of this process I die until then you say nothing speak nothing about
whoever tried a reimbursement rate noticed that there is really a journalism
the dirty pig and scoundrels your cap swims against you
joão says that at least 800 thousand people were employed on television in the gávea
continue earning as a legal entity to pay only ten percent tax without
problem the best is not to forget also not in
lectures via millionaire senac okay all right to speak well of
government on duty as there will be no more lecture right give me a [ __ ] but everything
well an important thing here goes for
any state of brazil to any region
we know that environmental activism has spoken out loud about brazil in the last 10 15
spoke loudly the skirt demarcating indigenous land here
quilombola over there environmental protection the national park ecological station
basically contaminating brazil continues with measles chicken pox chicken pox also
creek bay 3 also suffered in the past with the process
environmental crime similar to this one, if I'm not mistaken
it was March 12, 2002 year calling here is a tuesday
accused me of having committed an environmental crime about eleven and a half of the
morning only that around 2 pm was mine
finger on a Brazilian presence panel choose the wrong day on my crusade
unfairly over the newspaper the globe three times a page and taking
the newspaper's blow as a criminal everton well comes the final process of the line to
goal gave no line anything about the secret episode itself two or three years
as an environmental criminal like blood for three years as a racist at that
process known as black gil just to remember that when three years ago
later when the supreme decided to send pf
there to train in the marcelo cqc program catch the raw tape with
answer the program the tape was reused was there the
proof that he answers black gil's questions inverted the answer
reversing and gave all that confusion but all creek bay
i also know in saudi arabia i talked to several countries about possible investment
in cove bay and country that offered $ 1 billion to make bay
cove a cancún i am comparing here with that region
Mexico and make billions of dollars a year from tourism
we can do the same thing band am already talked to him in bed rodrigo
Maya already talked to the colombo plane are the people who make the agenda in bed
rodrigo maia was extremely sympathetic to this proposal
now for us to really get it right that the resource comes here and be
applied we have to revoke the decree and look
only that environmental activism which repeals one law another law that changes the article of
convention announces cláudia pedra is another article of the convention which raises the
ordinance is another ordinance but the environmental decree that repeals one law and another is
i want to play three four ten environmental decrees don't have to have ten laws 10
rodrigo's project will show a very nice view of rio de janeiro
I presenting the project intends in the next forty the project to revoke
with the justification for that in that place but it is a tourist center of
south america there you can be sure that the brazilian instead of wanting to cancún
the people from south america go there because the structure is going to be
well done we just need the kickoff
revoke the decree that demarcated tamoios ecological station if he wins
1988 the staff of the
my land my brother from the cape I'm not doing this on my own
has a house in mambucaba mansion in the village ema was looking for that second game the
journalist should be worth 10 million reais
tried to see for a million nobody wanted to buy it must be worth five hundred thousand
real that not seeing not only look I got it will value the region
all let's do the whole structure are going to take care
of environmental licenses today I saw evolution
is from havan rightly claiming an environmental license to build a
his store in rio grande in rio grande and he was 150 days old and the mayor was
city ​​hall not on leave everything is flattened a lot of gravel and sand
does not give permission to know that alliance will not affect painted another problem
discovered two dishes were planted that would have been made by indigenous people in the past in
consequence now goes some government agencies some
games I have no ancestry because the directors the president is the mandate that
if I didn’t like my head, I’d cut off my head even if you want to disturb the
progress will disrupt the edge of the beach here and I will analyze now
that sweet land tomorrow but I know that there is a house with indigenous land must be
for the soul of an Indian in the first one I didn't understand in the region
in paraná a little while ago I don’t know how I was jumping to last year that
had a problem with the funai they also discovered an arrowhead
site that was well advanced to build a
container and theatrical for three years that looks silva now changing the gift
was the move to a key federal police chief is to make a
excellent work we are ending the story of raoni
who speaks already speaks french and merci bocu better anyone
it's like having a monopoly on the interest of the Indians each tribe has a club and point
The end is rarely with some chiefs, right? And there are many indigenous tribes like
that of the exalted kalapalo of northern mato grosso the operation of the denarc a
planting wants to continue here because tourism has told you to make a
hydroelectric there it cannot do anything they think of the environment which is that
the Indian be a caveman his whole life if the snake stung the guy left
who has any disease lets run but maloca people who have a museum
on top that makes your physiological need want to use but deep down it
has louse colleague our difficulty had brothers our indian talks to
design that she talks about and I took where she talks like too much any the best of
that we what many of us and she wants it for her children siblings and I
I also want to have a project ready to send to the chamber
allowing Indian among other things panned I want to talk now clean only
unable to get up there is still that 715 theft reminds you
it's not just that the president is unable to lift his way to where he was at that
my bag of stones presses surely came from yesterday's indigenous where
smart guys after the defender of dilma actually a robot that has in the land of
and denounce illegal mining when there is a problem for them
usually this is how it happens then baiano rodrigo maia daniel colombo
230 ethanol from parliament later again but if the three of us I top
davi and the club see rodrigo maia I think we just needed to put an alliance in our hand
left covering also if you are going to stumble
and they will leave for us to get resources in the least difficult way that
through tourism no one has the potential that we have is the bay of
creek i'm sure we managed to revoke
this decree we are going to invest in the region and people from mambucaba he never
mangaratiba paraty angra dos reis the mayor jordão diogo vez são gonçalo
são gonçalinho praia das guavas everyone there will be happy
tourists will arrive and fishing in the region that they can release know that
research there only those who live there know is all the red dog oil from
maçambará also turn know that the line has with the acronym suns runway
26 easy you pull 5 ask for the green fisherman in the fishmonger 20 cents
the kilo and the zipper resells to 2 reais the kilo
When I fished in the region, I’m not going anymore, I denílson van than Val’s husband
spoke of the return again it will take a long time here was on vacation on the 10th of
January last year according to the administrative bulletin of the house was on vacation
the sheet of são paulo went there selling the poor thing it doesn’t invoice 600 reais
promise and not even come out poor is a way for you to be the deviation of function
ghost is on vacation anyway she does whatever she wants
visit denílson 81 outside and live, avoid your mother-in-law do whatever you want but
it doesn’t help that the sheet didn’t publish anything until today to see a lot of knock and
dirty work was also done by the são paulo sheet including
today determined the tension and determined that the subscription be canceled was
sao paulo here in the scope of the executive power who wants to take são paulo
to speak at the bus station that I travel here from brasília against são paulo we will
spend more money on this type of newspaper and whoever advertises on the
Paulo, the attention is right, well, Bahia, before God wants, let's get there
well ends here the economy is doing well this awakens
interest from other countries confidence is growing
okay let's also do a dance below the goal average
the interest rate fell to 5% who expected one day
remember here in the concentration and put a roof on the farm jo 12 per cent
put 12% can’t be more than 12% may well steal that withdrawal from
constitution the fhc government in the middle of its eight years of mandate it fights against
inflation as raising the interest rate on debt fell by 4 trillion reais
the stock exchange hitting high country risk one of the smallest existing to
June of the home now for whoever is buying has been announced
at pedro guimarães box building has decreased a lot
whoever wants whoever wants a building for their own house goes to any bank goes to
economic cash is the best banks will have to increase I will have to decrease
we are doing our part I know that the interest on such overdraft still has the
lower case and 40% in relation to the others
the other financial issues and in a little while there is Flemish is Flemish
who arrived now let's dry it is very good there could be champion roc
then the people good night and until next Thursday 20 was worth